Q1: Why might be consider using git?

Answer: One may consider using git in order to track the history of a file, or series of files within a directory or package, across multiple versions. It's a utility that enables collaboration and version tracking across different platforms, computers, and different users. Git is used in the technology industry, as well as other type of version control system such as subversion and mercurial because the sheer power and control it gives to developers.

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give and Example and how it might help

Answer: One of the more notorious fields in recent years in which data science could be applied is machine learning. The foundational block or component of machine learning is data. And, data is strategically used to enable computers to learn a myriad of things with principles of artificial intelligence. As data science is the idea of using data to solve problems, it can be applied within machine learning where computers can learn to not only solve problems, but be able to solve increasingly difficult problems, on their own. In today's world, applications of machine learning have been used for weather forecasts, supporting cancer diagnosis, and recommendations for products.

Q3: What is the difference between merging and rebasing?

Answer: Firstly, when you merge two branches together, you will always have a commit solely for the merging of the two files. This can create clutter in a git log with merge commits. Aside from that, merging is where two commits are stacked upon each other, all commits and changes combined into a single commit. And, when encountering a merge conflict, all of the conflicts will be presented within that one commit. Meanwhile, rebasing is the act of attaching commits with a new base, or stacking separate commits on top of the current commit. The commit log is much cleaner. With rebasing, you're moving a branch's changes onto the end of a branch. It creates a more linear workflow as there's no need to a commit solely for the storage of two merged commits. During my internship this past summer, rebasing was preferred — one of the reasons is that with its usage, commit history is easier for one to analyze.

Q4: What skills do you hope to improve during this course?

Answer: I hope to improve my analytical skills during this course. I have littl experience working with data, even analyzing data. I have interest in the machine learning specialization and hope to achieve a level of competency that'll make me prepared for exploring the field given data science is a foundational block of machine learning. I also hope to improve my skills in Python, Pandas, SQL, and gain some familiarity with NLP and neural networks.
